Adds Further Reading Links to certain Codespaces docs (#10501)
github/docs: content/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/reviewing-your-organizations-audit-logs-for-codespaces.md

![Audit log with Codespaces information](/assets/images/help/settings/codespaces-audit-log-org.png)

The audit log includes details such as who performed the action, what the action was, and when the action was performed. For information on {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} actions, see "[{% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} category actions](/organizations/keeping-your-organization-secure/reviewing-the-audit-log-for-your-organization#codespaces-category-actions)."

## Further Reading

>   * [Reviewing your organization's audit logs for Codespaces.](/codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/reviewing-your-security-logs-for-codespaces)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "[Reviewing your security logs for {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %}](/codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/reviewing-your-security-logs-for-codespaces)"
```
